[MUSIC]
>> Kent C Dodds: Let's talk
about Commons Chunking here.
So again we're trying to optimize
the results of our web pack build,
all of our bundles,
to be as small as possible but also
make it so that the browser can cash
the assets for as long as possible.
So say you have two files and
one of them is, so
the user loads both of the files and
then you change only one of them, now
the user only needs to load that one file.
The other one is cached, right?
So if you have some code that doesn't
change very frequently this would
be a really good candidate for
putting it in the Commons Chunk, so
that like any time you make changes to
this other code that does change more
frequently people don't
have to re-download that.
And so the browser has it in its cache and
it loads much faster.
So that's the idea behind
behind Commons Chunking.
Another kind of, to kind of
conceptualize it, you can have multiple
apps that use the same common files,
like lodash would be a great example.
I use lodash for every example.
I should be more creative.
jQuery, or React, or D3 some of
these bigger things and vendor files
go really well as a Commons Chunk.
So then here's all the like, this is
the bundle for app one, two, three,
and four and
those things are specific to these these
different apps or these different pages.
But then this is the JavaScript
that's common between them and so
the user goes to app one they
load all the app one code.
Then they go to app two,
they only need to load the app.
Well sorry, they go to app one,
they load the app one code
as well as the common stuff.
Then they go to app two,
they load the app two code but
because they already went to app one
they don't need to re-download that.
The alternative of course being that
app one itself has all of app one's
code as well as all this common stuff and
that's kind of what we have right now.
As if we had multiple apps or
something then we would like all of
the all that stuff would be bundled
together into each individual app and
so they'd have to download that much for
every single app that they go to.
So this is a pretty common problem,
and I'm pretty certain
like I can't think of a single type of
application where this wouldn't help.
Yeah, pretty much no application
this could be beneficial.